2026-08-15 -Shuyi Website 2026 Bugs and Amendment
Please note that the bug below does not represent the full count of bugs. To ensure sustainable fixing and development, when bugs are accumulated over 15, it will automatically released back to developer for rework
Frontend Web
Area
Description/Screenshot
1. Home page - app screen
The original website has some fade in effect when scroll
Please review
2. Home page preview word
Please reduce the linespace of the word, also, try to remove unnecessary space. There is also a typing effect in the original website when browsing
Original:
3. Tab Icon
Please kindly use the logo for the tab icon
Logo
4. Footnote Copyright
This should be 2035 by 数易赋能，the word is wrong
5. Main Language
The main language of the website, the audience shall be predominantly mandarin, or chinese, so pls do not mix language
This one should be登入/注册
On this page, pls refer to the original site, u should be able to do copy and paste very easily, mandarin chinese shall be the default version
6. Contact Us
You do not fully adhere to the contact us page
Your version
Original
7. Shop
Please use this layout
8. Product
Use this layout
Note, if possible, try a way to hide the product to prevent it spanning across pages. Some cleaning is necessary
9. Login Interface
You do not follow the login interface, pls revise
Your version:
Original
10. Not able to Login
I am not able to login, pls check KCC ID Api to confirm fully integrated
11. User dashboard
Not able to view as login is not available
12. Historical Record
Not able to view as login is not available
13. Calculator
The content is not populated propagated here from database. Based on the result 652, it will call relevant content for analysis
14. UI
In this page, the text of login/sign up (which should be chinese), is not visible
15. Numerology/Name/Tarot/Eastern Divinalogy Page
I think u are stealing the original website, when i link the uat to this, it show me the current website link
16. Refund Policy/Shipping & Delivery Policy
Text color is inconsistent
17. Footnote
In each of the page footnote, the link of policy should stay there
18. Term of Service
Please ensure this is editable as well from the backend, as we need english and mandarin intertwined. Same as other policy page
Admin
Not test yet